[native] Add session properties for expression evaluation optimizations (#23620)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/features.rst

Note: This is an expensive check and should only be used for debugging purposes.

``native_debug_disable_expression_with_peeling``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

If set to ``true``, disables the optimization in expression evaluation to peel common dictionary layer from inputs.

Note: This should only be used for debugging purposes.

``native_debug_disable_common_sub_expressions``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

If set to ``true``, disables the optimization in expression evaluation to re-use cached results for common sub-expressions.

Note: This should only be used for debugging purposes.

``native_debug_disable_expression_with_memoization``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

> If set to ``true``, disables the optimization in expression evaluation to re-use cached results between subsequent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to ``true``, disables the optimization in expression evaluation to reuse cached results between subsequent
```
